[new] Installation and TOBS CLI updates (#1359)
timescale/docs: promscale/installation/binary.md

keywords: [analytics]
tags: [install]
related_pages:
  - /promscale/:currentVersion:/installation/resource-recomm/
  - /promscale/:currentVersion:/send-data/
---

> import PromscaleConfigurationRecommendations from 'versionContent/_partials/_promscale-configuration-recommendations.mdx';

Reviewer: ```suggestion

import PromscaleConfigurationRecommendations from 'versionContent/_partials/_promscale-configuration-recommendations.mdx';
```

# Install Promscale from binary
You can install Promscale from a pre-complied binary on any operating systems. The
Promscale binary file is available at [GitHub releases page][gh-promscale-download].

> Before you begin, understand the [resource requirements][resource-requirements]
> and have an already working Prometheus or OpenTelemetry collector environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, you need a working Prometheus or OpenTelemetry collector 
environment. You should also check that your environment meets the 
[resource requirements][resource-requirements].
```
